Makefile
x pas besoin de specifier le nom du *.h, il peut trouver tout seul
pas besoin de mettre Makefile quand compile bibliotheques
understand the | in Makefile
equivalent de MAND_DEP for BONUSES?
What is POSIX?\can I use float type for time?
gettime in statemsg? should be outside
bzero on param and philo?
param.philo not initilized
protect thread and mutex
pthread_detach
display tick in msand not us
should I start counting time before or after initialization
check nb threads max
no need for pthread_detach
diplsay should be all actions or just the new status?
difference between double and long long
simplify nbrstr in putnbr
check if bzero was used for all sructures initialization
check all protections
check if pthread_join and pthread_detach are necessary at the same time
remove mutex in philo
mallocs:
- forks (member of philo)
- each philo
re-order members in structures
order memebrs in structure initialization
is the timestamp which is displayed the time from start or the absolute time given by the system?
use function or function pointeur the same way?
Order I realse forks should depend on philo->id (odd or even)?
check that all function prototypes are reported in philo.h
remove all printf
tempo used?
revoir l'utilit2 des membres de fork, en tous caas de user, pas sur qque je l'utilise
OK to display at the end when all philosophers have eaten enough? because not asked in subject
Should I print stamp just in ms or with dec (us) too ?
x could I use a static variable for philo (so that I don't have to always pass it as a parameter)?
sens de rotation des philosophers
helgrind et option thread de sanitize

remove us in display
x OK create myusleep function to avoid extra time on usleep
stops when last philo starts eating or finishes eating?
Use a specific end message or not?

replace printf of end message

protection parsing intmin (atof) et compare a chaque nouveauchiffre ajoute que tu depasses pas
parsing is it ok to accept 800a 
display time absolute or relative?
should say thinking at the beginning if not eating?
check intmin et intmax (maybe intmin not needed because must be >0)
check printf
use thread_destroy?

BONUS
sem_unlink? meaning
check all erros like also malloc or 
in sem_open what is 0600 or 0644?
use pthread_detach? also in main
use mutex_destroy?
in bonus dont need a linked list
exit vs return
mutex_destory -> they dont work all
protect everything
